Well, this is it, I thought to myself, looking through my windshield up the craggy trail. This was the place I had looked up, meticulously researching
places in California where I would finally be able to get away from anyone. This place, a mountain in the deserts about two and a half hours worth of
fast driving North and East of San Diego, past Julian, seemed perfect.

The palette of the country fell somewhere between the colors of "brown" and "heat", and everything was sharp. The rocks were razors, the bushes
spears, every blade of grass a little, yellow sword. The epitome of hostile, these conditions would guarantee solitude.

I had just parked and I didn't have enough supplies to walk the entire distance into the mountains and still make the return trip. Wondering how to
solve this, I tried driving up the trail, but it was far too steep and my car was too low to the ground. These efforts only succeeded in producing a
symphony of teeth-jarring grinding over huge rocks and deep potholes. The front of my car scraped across the upturned Earth like a bow across a cello,
and ended when the front of my Infiniti became wedged in the side of a hole. I sat there perplexed. How to solve this? 

Suddenly, I realized the back end of my car had a higher clearance than the front. I made a three point turn, switched the orientation of my car, and
began slowly climbing through the potholes and over the boulders backwards up the hill. Reversing in my car was always difficult, the result of tiny
back windows and a back end that was significantly higher than the front. This was all made worse by my lack of height, so looking backwards out the
window as I drove backwards up a mountain, all I could see was a small square of blue sky framed by black leather interior, shifting violently with
each pained groan of my car’s motor.

There was suddenly a loud clunk, and I stopped moving. I parked my car, put the e-brake on, and walked to the back of the car. The read bumper was
jammed solidly into a boulder, about three feet high. ‘Well, that’s that, I suppose.’ I grabbed my pack, threw it over my shoulders, cinched the belt,
and slung my rifle over the top of the whole rig so that it was almost vertically aligned down the front of my body, like a soldier. ‘Here goes
nothing.’

I started walking under the blinding yellow light towards the shadowed masses of mountains. It felt like moving through heat itself, spreading the
thick atmosphere around my body as each step moved me a small distance closer to my horizon. I was still in the hills before the mountains began in
proper, so the walk gently meandered up and down as I pressed my self and accoutrements towards the spike in the horizon. While walking, I reflected
on the contents of an article I recently read online, that, on average, hikers and backpackers in Southern California walk within a few hundred yards
of 10 mountain lions each time they go out. The lions were ghosts, though. Perfectly evolved for stealth, they were as silent as an owl when they
walked on the hard packed dirt, tended not to leave tracks, made no animal calls, and even buried their shit inconspicuously. I admired them, but
there would be neither warning nor sign of one, no matter how vigilant I looked for them. I had enough experience hunting, watching animals from a
distance as they moved and fluttered, only to become entirely invisible when they paused at a sign of danger. Few things are as trippy as being able
to see something, then watching it melt into its landscape while knowing that your eyes are still fixed directly upon it. That’s how cougars were,
too.

So, as I walked, I occasionally took turns walking backwards, doing more than glancing over my shoulder, just for a few steps. Each time, ready to see
a cat big enough to eat me stalking behind me, possibly even within a few feet. I was tense.

After a time, when the sweat had begun dripping and stinging my eyes and face, I saw what I had been hoping for: closer to the mountains, water
gathered in creek beds and ravines, and around those sources vegetation sprung up, although it happened so far from anyone that it was occluded by the
hills. Grass began growing taller, although just as yellow, and dark, pale green trees and bushes grew along veins in the countryside. Life.

I slowed to a stalk, crouching lower and taking my time, nearly as silent as a cougar. I slowed my breathing, and secured anything that hung freely so
it wouldn’t move as I did. The placement of steps became arduous, picking precise spots between leaves, sticks, and gravel. Soft, taupe patches of
sand, shimmering in the light, were ideal for quieting the noise of a human’s boot. As I slowed, the music of nature began playing, and bushes and
branches in trees started fidgeting. Birds, singing to their brothers and sisters, squirrels playing tag with each other. Rabbits began appearing at
the edge of the trails, still cautious at the possibility of a human intrusion, but beginning to mellow out as my silence continued.

As I walked into the middle of this oasis, under the shadow of the trees, I stopped. I stood there, as straight as I could, continuing to shoulder the
weight of my gear, and closed my eyes. People’s senses are so much more remarkable than most of them make use of, we see and hear so many sights and
sounds, almost all of that great information filtered out by our brains between the organs of perception and our minds. In order to heighten one
sense, it helps to silence the others, to quiet the mind, and to begin to explore what is happening; to bypass these filters, and really delve into
our ears, or eyes. 

I stood there, and like I learned to do when playing music, began to pull apart the melodies that became my world in the dark of my closed eyes,
standing under the shadow of these trees. The bushes, and the rustling. The patterns of the movement of dozens of different creatures. One pattern,
one rhythm, “shuffle, shuffle, silence, shuffle.” Another, “long shuffle, twitch, long shuffle.” Maybe a bird, picking through the grass on the ground
as it eats its fill of seeds, then hopping to another spot, searching for anything edible in this sun scorched terrain with a side-cocked head. Sudden
rushes of extended periods, the sounds of twigs breaking and branching moving against the earth. Chirping. Chatting. Bird wings flapping hard, beating
the air as it flies between branches. An owl in the distance, cooing softly, at steady intervals. I breathed.

I opened my eyes. It was still fairly bright outside, but it was moving into the later part of the day and the intensity of the light was abating. I
bent down on a knee, and silenced the music in my ears to listen to my eyes. I studied the dirt in front of my feet. All the trails, and the trails of
trails. Signs of life that covered other signs of life, one footprint on top of another. Birds, two toed, three toed. Squirrels, with their tiny
padded toes, and snakes leaving their lines, as if a child had drawn them. Broken zigzagging, a lizard, its tail sweeping gravel and sand as it runs
from cover to cover. Seeds and leaves and twigs. Grains of dirt, clods as well. Pebbles of different sizes and an incredible assortment of colors,
each playing the light at a different angle. It was sublime.

This was what I had come for. No humans, just… peace. Animals doing what they are intended to do, blessed without the gift of sentience, with no
ability to do wrong, to act against your own morals and beliefs. Innocent because of an inability to be otherwise.

I reflected on my life. I was living with my little brother, who had come to move in with me after I had finished my last deployment. Thought about
the stress of work, of the toxic environment of living on my ship, the moral vacuum that it was and was likely to remain. Thought about my goal, how I
could become a SEAL, was I training enough, would my bosses give me the chance I had been begging for since my first day on the ship. I became angry
and sad thinking about Abby. I valued my friendship with Ben, the adventures and misadventures we had shared in woods across America. I wondered if
Nick was doing ok with being a father.

I was proud of Stewart, although I couldn’t show him. He was learning fast, growing up. I was grateful that he had been able to move in with me, since
the last time that we saw each other had gone so badly. I had been home to Wichita on leave, just before I left for deployment. I always hated being
back, because it felt so small and constricting, and while I still loved the friends and family I had grown up with, I couldn’t relate to them
anymore. Me and mom had fought, more than once, but throughout the time I spent home I saw Stewart behaving in a way I just couldn’t understand. He
had dropped out of high school, had no job,  and was about to turn 21. He was getting money for cigarettes and alcohol from mom, who definitely
couldn’t afford to support both of their bad habits, and returned nothing back to the family—he just took. 

The last day I was there, the day after we had celebrated his birthday, the issue came to a head. After an incident in the middle of the day with
Stewart asking mom to give him money and their getting into a minor yelling match over it, I went into Stewart’s room and tried to talk to him about
what his plan for life was. “You don’t have a job, you aren’t in school. You just turned 21, what is the plan? You’re an adult now, this can’t last
forever you know,” I lectured him. He didn’t appreciate that very much, possibly out of shame and uncertainty—although neither of us will probably
ever know for certain—and basically told me that he didn’t want to talk about these things that day, on his birthday. Never having been one to stand
on ceremony, and likely feeling entitled since I had bought him three pairs of new jeans and a nice birthday dinner, I pressed the issue. It went
badly, and eventually, as is my family’s tradition we began to fight, this time with fists.

It’s strange that I don’t remember exactly what the words were that forced the transition from verbal argumentation to physical, but I remember that I
was angry, FURIOUS, and he was too. As we rose from the couch in his bedroom, our fists did too, and I remember specifically thinking that he was
going to knock me out cold if we fought standing up—he was the boxer, and I was the wrestler. I think I dodged a couple of punches and slowly backed
out of the room, waiting by the edge of the doorway for him to walk through. When he did, I grabbed his body and pressed it against mine, and worked
him back into the bedroom where I slammed him on the bed.

I pinned him down, and all I can remember is a wild fury, uncontrollable, streaking its way through my veins, my arms, my hands, my brain. It filled
me and overflowed to my facial expressions, and as I sat on my brother in a full mount, his arms pinned in the soft, inescapable cushions of the
couch, I stared in his eyes as I reached my fingers around his neck. I began to strangle my little brother.

As the anger more completely took control, it spread into my hands, and they dug into his neck—not around, but in to his neck—beginning to separate
the tube that consists of a human’s larynx from the respective veins and arteries on either side of it. As I pressed down and squeezed, as my fingers
dug in deeper and deeper, he let out a cough that people who are being strangled make, and his breathing slowed. Then it stopped.

He looked up at me, his eyes meeting mine and softening from anger to fear. I continued pressing. I called him a piece of shit, told him he was
worthless, a waste of money and air. I told him to acknowledge that I could kill him, told him if he didn’t beg for his life I was going to. He
refused, once, and I spat in his face, the anger in my body making it more spittle than spit. I was shaking, and every muscle in my body was hard. He
relented, and begged me to stop. I let him go and left the room in a violent walk. He started yelling at me that I was insane, crying, not at the
physical trauma, but saying that he saw in my eyes that I was going to murder him, telling me that he could never hurt me like that, could never
actually fight me like that.

I replied snappily that he was weak.

We shifted our shouting match into the kitchen, where my mom had been sitting. Then it was me and Stewart, in front of our mother, shouting at each
other, faces contorted with emotion and energy. She screamed what the hell was happening, shocked by the sudden break in domestic tranquility, and we
both began screaming our story at her, then shifted back to each other. She tried to intercede, make her voice heard, but nothing could come between
us at that moment. She was eventually crowded out of the conflict by our mutual rage, and without either our awareness at the time, slammed the room
to her bedroom at the end of the kitchen. Rather than powerlessly watch her sons destroy each other, she escaped, at least from the sight.

“what the HELL is wrong with you?!,” he leveled at me, “I’m you’re FUCKING BROTHER! You were going kill me, you fucking PSYCHO!’

“If I was here going the shit that you are doing, yelling at mom, being a lazy, worthless fucking bum I’d WANT you to kill me. What the FUCK kind of
life is this, what are you DOING!” was the response he got.

“How could you hurt me like that!” “I didn’t actually kill you, so obviously I wasn’t going to” “BULLSHIT, I saw your eyes! You were going to fucking
choke me to death, you fucking psychotic bastard!” 

“It’s not my fault that you’re so weak,” was the reply.

At some point, after enough shouting, after enough crying, after enough egging on, I ‘fucking dared’ him to try to choke me, told him I wouldn’t be
afraid like he was. I screamed in his face, staring him right in the eyes, shouting like an insane person, calling my brother weak and pathetic and
afraid because he didn't want to kill me. I laid on the linoleum in the kitchen, next to the dog dishes, and told him to fucking choke me. He did. He
climbed on top of me, pinned me down, and started choking me. I stared at him, right in the eyes, as he---

I am looking at the ceiling of our trailer and my mind is totally empty. It is surprisingly bright and it takes me a moment to remember where I
am---I'm at home in Kansas. That's strange. I'm laying on the floor of the kitchen next to the dog bowls and it flashes back to me in a moment. I had
been choked unconscious after daying Stewart to kill me and he didn't kill me. The senseless rage flies back into me and I get back up and put my face
inches from him while staring him fully in the eyes and tell him that I knew he was weak and couldn't kill me.

I left and went to my car. My trip in Kansas was over and the full gravity of what I had done began to set in on me. I almost killed my brother. I
fully lost control: fully. What a piece of shit I was. How could I have done something so insane, so hurtful, so evil. In front of my brother too. I
was going back to the Navy and I had to go see Megan before leaving for our lunch and that was the last thing that they would remember of me, remember
of seeing me here, a screaming-raging-murderous psychopath, even after all the other times that I had hurt Stewart and promised myself that I would
never do that again, never let myself lose control again. I felt so empty and weak, as if morality itself had drained from my very bones, as if there
was some cosmic wrong that I was even able to stand and function as a person, and now I had to go and see a friend to say goodbye and pretend that
that hadn't just happened and then go back to the Navy with this new knowledge that I was an evil and irredeemably terrible human being. I had started
out just wanting what I thought was best, I had wanted to defend my mother from the manipulative advantage-taking Stewart had subjected her to, and in
that initial cause I completely departed all reason, control, righteousness and behaved like a beast. A bastard. Jesus Christ what a bastard...

On the drive to Megan I thought that there must actually be some evil in this blood, that I must have inherited more from the man I hated than I had
ever wanted to admit, that mom was right about me all those times. She was more perceptive and I hated it, hated how no matter how hard I tried to not
be so evil and cruel I kept doing it, again and again, each with these same recriminations I was now caught in, each with the same vows to stop, to
stop hurting others, to stop being so stupid, to keep control. Trying harder and harder to believe that it was possible this time that I had finally
FINALLY learned the lesson. Only to end in the same failure and acts of cruel violence and beastness.

I had lunch with Megan and I don't know if she saw I had been crying and I didn't talk about it, but I didn't pay attention or feel or remembe much
about our visit except thinking that she was so nice and probably shouldn't be friends with someone like me, or care about me at all. I left.










