{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab560
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\sl336\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Between the years 2030 and 2050, the world will be a much different place than the one which we live in now. The total economic activity of China will account for 23% of the world's total activity. The problems of extremism in the Middle East can only be expected to get worse. The climate changes that are already affecting the ecosphere of Earth will be in full swing by then. The world will need the United States to be in a position where it can contribute to facing these challenges, yet we \
\
The consequences of the disastrous policies and lack of action being taken by our current leaders will fall squarely on one group in our country: The Millennials. It will fall on us. We will eventually be forced to fix the problems we are creating, and this will happen sooner or later. The earlier we do it, the better off we will be as a nation.\
\
Defined as the part of the population between ages 18 and 34 (right now), in 20 years we will be the generation at the helm of the country. We will be the ones suffering from our lack of environmental protection, the ones whose lives and whose government is so crippled by debts from the last 70 years that we will find ourselves unable to function on a basic level. We will be the ones who are going to have reconcile the loss of American economic and educational pre-eminence with the rise of the rest of the world, in particular the rise of China.\
\
Those problems, in the distant future, very well may have no solutions. There might be no "correct" courses of action that we will be able to take, because we have slowly drained away the resources and capabilities which would have granted us options over the next several decades. But right now, today, we are able to take action. Implementing sensible solutions to the problems of the day, we ensure that we will be able to tackle the greater and greater challenges that the remainder of this century will bring us. However, if we continue to bind our own hands with a complete lack of action, we will find ourselves unable to rise to the occasion in twenty or thirty or fifty years. \
\
This choice, to act or not act, falls on all Americans, each and every day. But it falls on the Millennial more than any others for a few reasons. The first is that, simply put, the math dictates that the problems we are creating today will be the problems we must solve in our turn at the lead. Other generations simply have the option of throwing their hands up and passing the buck. Another reason that it is the duty of this generation to do this, and to do this now, is that we are the young of the country. After a time of living, you become beaten down. You become jaded, and pessimistic about the future. You see things differently, and it will be impossible for many of the older Americans in the generation to see this movement as anything but a naive gesture of the hapless youth. It is only naive in the fact that it is optimistic about things which no informed American should be optimistic about. \
\
Things like the legislative processes of congress. Things like the potential of the American government to do good. Things like the effect of an individual, and what change that person may be able to conduct in the world. These are all things which, for the past forty or fifty years, history has taught us we should not be optimistic about. Yet, before then, there was a time when Americans believed in the government. They had the chance to believe that our leaders were looking out for our best interests. They had the optimism towards the American system which for the last two or three generations we have forsaken. Yet, that lack of optimism is a fundamental source of the problems we now face. When voters feel hopeless, and jaded, and alienated by their democracy, the only ones who vote are the ones who have always lived like that. And those individuals, all due respect, should not be the ones dictating the course of the country. America is the vessel of optimism. In history, it has always been the boldest, the bravest, the most hopeful about tomorrow and what possibilities the new sun brought. \
\
Today is our chance to choose which legacy we will embrace. The recent history of our country tells us we don't matter, and we can't change anything. The rest of American history informs us to the alternative. That when Americans work together, and act in unity towards one purpose, the impossible becomes possible.\
\
Now is the time that you must choose your belief system. As for myself, I'll choose the latter. I choose optimism. I choose trying, and risking, and daring. I choose America. \
}