{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab560
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 IMPEACH CONGRESS\
\
Our aim, simply and unequivocally put, is the replacement of 100% of the members of congress within 3 elections-- 6 years.\
\
TL;DR:\
Problem: Congress is fucking terrible. We all hate them, and we all know why we hate them.\
\
The country is littered with politically* impossible challenges. (money in elections, gerrymandering, the electoral college, the deficit, social security). \
	*note: 
\i Politically
\i0  impossible. Not actually impossible.\
\
Congress currently is unable to take action on any of these problems, due to the influence of special interests and their constituents. And their lack of testicular fortitude.\
\
Solution: We elect a new congress. 100% replacement of every single congressperson in the country. People who have absolutely zero interest in becoming career politicians.\
\
We all know amazing people in this country. The types of people who should be in congress. They live in every congressional district in America. We convince them to run for Congress in said districts.\
\
Examining the voter turnout in each district in the nation, we get people to commit on an individual basis to vote for this new, independent candidate. \
\
Understanding that congress is literally evil, and that these new independent candidates are not, people vote. \
\
Three times, in six years.\
\
If people understand that their vote is calculated in to the needed vote turnout to win, and channel their hatred of congress, they will go to the polls.s\
\
That's all it takes. That's the bottom line up front.\
\
This is our solution to the deficit. To money in elections. To the defense industrial complex. To the redrawing of elections districts and the rigging of elections. To the end of the electoral college.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 Impeach Congress means just that- impeachment by the American people. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
This is an open letter to the citizens of the United States of America. \
\
If you are tired of congress paralyzing American greatness.\
of being incapable of rational, intelligent dialogue\
of elections being won by money, and not votes\
of special interests buying your representatives like hot cakes\
of the military industrial complex's oversized influence in our armed forces\
of our future potential being drained each and every day by a massive budget deficit\
of unintelligent policies and laws\
of being distracted from the real issues\
of gerrymanding and redrawing districts to ensure re election\
of extremism and attacks against information and intellectuals\
OF BUSINESS AS USUAL IN WASHINGTON, D.C.\
\
This is not a war against congresspersons. This is nothing personal. Taking nothing away from many of the honorable and fine leaders who have served our country, it is the institution that is fucked. Congress currently exists in a system wherein there is absolutely no incentive to do the right thing for the American people, and every incentive to do the wrong thing. The current members, as career politicians, are literally incapable of tackling the issues cited above as problems. Even mentioning the names of these policies will get them thrown out of office, either by their unreasonable and fanatic constituents, or by the special interests and donors who put them there in the first place. There can be none of that in this election.\
\
This is not a war of politics. This is a war against inaction.\
\
With a congress who has no interest in a political future, we can fix the problems within the United States today. \
\
Each and every person reading this has someone who fits a particular bill in their lives. We all know these people. They are all intelligent, and exceptional, \
\
\
We can reform social security and the entitlements program. \
\
We can defang the military industrial complex. \
\
We can reform election laws, ending redistricting which favors incumbents.\
\
We can get the money out of elections\
\
We can reform the electoral college.\
\
We can end the massive and secret government surveillance program.\
\
$2,345,211,863 was spent in the last Presidential election. To put it a different way, that is $2.3 BILLION dollars spent. It would make sense to tell you right now that our goal is to beat that in fundraising. But it's not. What we want is the one thing that money doesn't buy. We want you. We want you to commit to vote. That is all it would take.\
\
If we find a person who is willing to run against the incumbents as an independent in every single district, and we get sufficient voters to ensure that person gets elected, that's it. We have a new congressperson. The way we do this is actually shockingly simple: taking into account every congressional election in recent history, we look at voter turnout for the past 10 elections. We then take the highest turnout of that period, and match it. \
\
Then the magic happens: people sign up and commit to vote for the Impeachment Party candidate. If people understand one simple fact, they will vote: that they are a part of a calculated number that absolutely must show up, for one day of the year.\
\
This represents one of the historical moments in American history. It will be a tremendous challenge. Our goal is to get this done in the 2016 Presidential election. That is going to be hard. There will be special interests whose buttholes will pucker so tightly that money will come flowing out of their mouths in rivers of gold upon hearing about this initiative. There will be backlash against this. There will be an increase in funding to the campaigns of incumbents. But this is possible. Just as George Washington raised a Continental Army and defeated the greatest empire the world has ever seen. Just as the United States pulled through the Civil War to become one country again. Just as we ended the great economic hardship in history to catapult ourselves to victory in the greatest conflict to engulf the human race. Just as we put a man on the moon within a decade.\
\
This is our moment. This is the time. It is possible, and political change can be a reality. Let's give the United States of America a congress worthy of them. Let us honor the sacrifices and legacy which we inherited from the generations who have gone before. We can not allow this method of operation to continue any longer. It starts now. It starts today. With you.\
\
With your donation of $5. \
\
\
\
}