{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab560
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 there will be many people who don't think this plan is possible. To those of this opinion, I'd like to draw their attention to the many times in our nation's history when Americans, just like you or me, did just that- the impossible. \
\
When George Washington and the founding fathers raised a continental Army, and fought for the very existence of their country against the most powerful empire the world has ever seen. Was that impossible? \
\
When Abraham Lincoln led a divided nation through the Civil War, itself a crisis that threatened the existence of our nation, and refused to give up on the beautiful experiment that is America. Was that impossible?\
\
When the United States rose from the single greatest economic crisis of any nation currently in existence, to win World War II, in the span of only a few years. Was that impossible?\
\
When the Civil Rights movement claimed equality for all, and \
\
When John F. Kennedy declared that within a decade, we would place a man on the moon, despite the near existence of any space program at the time, and then on July 13, 1969, we did just that. Was that impossible?\
\
I pose the situation we currently find ourselves in to be precisely the same as the rest given here: let's not mince words. We currently face an existential threat, this time not from war, or secession, but from political paralysis. The problems with our nation- a culture of political indifference, unlimited sums of money in elections, the idea that special interests instead of the will of the people is what decides the agenda set by the greatest country that has ever existed... These are all problems, very large problems to be sure. But they all have solutions. We must do more than say "this should be done," or "someone will do this," or "\
\
The thing about political indifference is that it is nothing more than a choice. \
\
When you, each and every single person reading this, as an individual, makes the choice that enough has been enough. When we as Americans say that we will no longer sit idly by as a nation and allow our elected representatives to take advantage of a sacred oath to serve the people, and rise up and take a stance for change, and become an informed and active citizenry, that is when political indifference ends. It is simple as a choice.\
\
No longer allow the people you meet to say "these are all problems that have no solutions. No longer allow anyone to utter "there's nothing I can do to change this." These sentiments are so perversely un-American, they can not be tolerated any loner. Call them out, say to them "well have you tried?" Say to them "well, if you sit and take a complete stance of inaction, then how can the world change?" Call to them, in those immortal words, and tell them "they must be the change they wish to see in the world," because those words are true, and they start with you- the individual, making the choice to take a stand.\
\
\
\
\
}